# Week 27.03. - 10.04.

## Eric
Login and logout Issue#47
Implemented registration, lobby join and create menu and correct routing frontend Issue#5

## Eduard 
implemented GameSetting with issues #45 and #6

## Nicolas
implemented user joining Lobby with issues #57 and #100

## Nicolas S
implemented registration backend #2 and currently on hashing password #?

## Roger
Implemented creating a lobby with issue #30
Point attribution issue #82

# Week 10.04 - 17.04

## Eric
Players can enter Lobby ID code after clicking on join Lobby #57
If the invitation code is correct the player will be redirected to the lobby. #58

## Eduard
Implemented Frontend for Image Generation with issues #7 #16 #15  
and Guessing the description with issues #30 #2 #32 #33

## Nicolas S.
Implemented leave Lobby so that it updates the lobby members list #19
Rest endpoint for @GetMapping("/lobby/{id}") for displaying user list (backend) #18


## Nicolas H.
Implemented Websockets in client and server so that when the host wants to start the game 
all the players in the lobby automatically get forwarded to either the page to provide input to DALL-E or guess the input.
-> Issues #9 and #11

## Roger
Implemented image generation with DALL-E. Issue #16
Implemented ChatGPT assesment of the input and guess #55.

# Week 17.04 - 24.04

## Eric
After selecting the rounds to play the user can click on a save button to save the settings, or cancel to discard them. #44
By clicking on a field in the lobby creation page, the host can select the number of rounds to play. #1
By clicking on a field in the lobby creation page, the user can select the amount of seconds a player should have at disposal to enter their guess. #45
Made OpenAI key available in production env


## Eduard
Fixed the frontend for Image generation and Guessing the description so everybody sees the image. issue #34 #13
Only player with its turn to generate an image is shown the input description screen: #14
Only players to guess is shown the right screen: issue #12
Scoring points based on speed and correctness: issue #31
Frontend for Scoreboard: issues #42 and #40 (still needs to check compatibility with backend for next round)


## Nicolas S.
Fixed mistakes from last week
display quick info of user when hovering over user in Lobby #20
User can add mail and profile pic + updated profile update call #22
added some tests for User Service - will add more when merged the proile update branch with main


## Nicolas H.
Used the Websockets to implement the game continuation management. When the host decides to start the next round
the server randomly picks a user out of the users who have not generated an image yet issue #84, issue #86.
The clients then get forwarded to the page to create an image or guess the input of an image respectively, issue #85.

## Roger
Implemented game service and controller tests.

# Week 24.04 - 01.05

## Eric
fixed join lobby input field loosing focus after each key stroke #57
added settings form to lobby create page #30
added frontend navigating functionalities #2

## Eduard 
Points are rewarded after guessing and timelimit reached #74. 
Speed is considered for point calculations #73.

## Nicolas S.

## Nicolas H.

Fix the bug, that when more than two players play the game, only 2 players receive the picture generated by dallE -> issue #34
Fix the bug that when a user leaves the lobby he gets deleted entirely, instead of only from the lobby.
Make it possible for a player (except game host) to leave the lobby from the home page. Issue #106

## Roger
1. There should be a pop up informing which player has left. #54
2. Implemented more game service and controller tests.

# Week 01.05 - 08.05

## Eric
text color correction #20
fixed logout from homescreen #47

## Eduard
Scoreboard Ranking and winning player is highlighted in Gold after every round and animated #40 and #18.
Added that correct description is revealed after each round in the scoreboard. Guesser see in their waiting screen, who is creating the image in the current turn.

## Nicolas S.
Added WS for Kickplayer -> Players get notified when someone kicked #49 #50 + ws disconnected when leaving + kicked
adjusted display for back and Profile Button

## Nicolas H.
There was a bug that the imageURL persisted after each round so that players were shown the image of the last round
-> fixed (issue #60 in client)

After the game is over a home button is displayed under the final scoreboard. If the host clicks on the home button the 
lobby should be deleted, if a non-host user clicks on it the user should leave the lobby. In both cases after leaving/deleting
the lobby the user is forwarded to the home screen -> corresponds to issues: #107 #108 and #62 (client) 


## Roger
1. The host has the ability to remove any player from the lobby during the lobby stage #94
2. After being kicked, users are unable to rejoin the same lobby without a new invitation from the lobby creator #96

# Week 08.05 - 15.05

## Eric

## Eduard
Player creating an image sees a timer for providing an input #67
If player provides empty input all players are navigated to the scoreboard #68
For invalid input for image generation the player gets another chance to provide a description and timer is reset #69

## Nicolas S.

## Nicolas H.

## Roger
1. Button to upload a profile picture #53
2. On the profile editing page, players can enter or modify their name, email, and upload a new picture to personalize their profile #22
